[WIP] Installing the Azure MCP Server in Ubuntu (#394)
Azure/azure-mcp: TROUBLESHOOTING.md

## Common issues

> ### Platform Package Installation Issues

Reviewer: Sure this is how they can trouble shoot, but it's likely a problem with the installer that we can fix.

Reviewer 2: So, version [1.101](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_101) of VS Code was released on June 12th, and after upgrading to this version, the Azure MCP Server now works fine in my Ubuntu VM. I tried it out with a fresh VM, installing everything again, and it worked fine too. This issue was likely caused by the previous VS Code version before June 12th and not by our MCP Server. 

In that case, changes made by copilot on the npm/wrapper directory might not be necessary anymore. However, I'd like to keep these troubleshooting instructions.

@copilot, please add a note to upgrade VS Code to the latest version as the first step to fix this issue.

## Common issues

### Platform Package Installation Issues

The Azure MCP wrapper automatically installs the correct platform-specific package when needed. However, if you encounter persistent errors about missing platform packages (e.g., `@azure/mcp-linux-x64`, `@azure/mcp-win32-x64`, `@azure/mcp-darwin-x64`), this may indicate network connectivity issues or permission problems.

#### Error Examples:
- `Failed to load platform specific package '@azure/mcp-linux-x64'`
- `Cannot find module '@azure/mcp-linux-x64'`
- `'@azure/mcp-linux-x64' module is missing`

#### Resolution Steps:

> **First, ensure you have the latest VS Code version** (v1.101 or later released June 12th, 2024), as older versions may cause compatibility issues with the Azure MCP Server on Ubuntu systems.

Reviewer 2: @copilot we're in 2025 my friend, but let's not specify the date, just the version.
```suggestion
**First, ensure you have the latest VS Code version** (v1.101 or higher), as older versions may cause compatibility issues.
```
